bootCDI.yaml:type: contains
bootEJB.yaml:type: contains
bootJAXWS.yaml:type: contains
bootJSF.yaml:type: contains
bootMDB.yaml:type: contains
bootSTRUTS.yaml:type: contains
bootTXN.yaml:type: contains
bootWEBSERVLET.yaml:type: contains
config-security.yaml:- value: /configuration/system.web/machineKey[contains(@validationKey, "AutoGenerate") or contains(@decryptionKey, "AutoGenerate")]
dotnet-connectionstrings.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-db2-unmanaged.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-elk.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-file-based-config.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-fileIO.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-filepath.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-ISAPI-Filters-vbcs.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-logging.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-MSMQ-vbcs.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-oracle-umanaged.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-security.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-serilog.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-sharepoint.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-StaticFileModule.yaml:- value: /configuration/system.webServer/handlers/add[contains(@modules, "StaticFileModule")][1]
dotnet-transactions.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-wcf-ssl.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-WindowsAuth-config.yaml:- value: /configuration/connectionStrings/add[contains(translate(translate(@connectionString, " ", ""), "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz", "ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ"), "INTEGRATEDSECURITY=TRUE")]
dotnet-WindowsAuth-csvb.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-windowsForms.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-windowsPrincipal.yaml:type: contains
dotnet-windowsServices.yaml:type: contains
hardcoded-uri.yaml:type: contains
java-ejb-mdb.yaml:type: contains
java-ejb-stateful-import.yaml:type: contains
java-fileSystem.yaml:type: contains
java-handles-term.yaml:type: contains
java-jboss.yaml:type: contains
java-jvm-runtimeConfigProps.yaml:type: contains
java-logging-file-appender.yaml:type: contains
java-MBeans.yaml:type: contains
java-nonstandard-protocol.yaml:type: contains
java-security.yaml:type: contains
java-servlet-session.yaml:type: contains
java-servlet.yaml:type: contains
java-springframework.yaml:type: contains
java-system-config.yaml:type: contains
java-systemLoad.yaml:type: contains
java-transportSecurity.yaml:type: contains
java-weblogic.yaml:type: contains
log4j-properties.yaml:type: contains
log4j-xml.yaml:type: contains
plaintext-creds.yaml:type: contains
python-cf.yaml:type: contains
python-database.yaml:type: contains
python-rabbitmq.yaml:type: contains
python-redis.yaml:type: contains
python-sqlite.yaml:type: contains
SNAP-xml-java-package-Maven-Ant.yaml:type: contains
SNAP-xml-java-ver-Maven-Ant.yaml:type: contains
sqlserver-ssis.yaml:type: contains
xml-activeMQ.yaml:type: contains
xml-clientCert.yaml:type: contains
xml-ehcache-Config.yaml:type: contains
xml-ejb-2-1.yaml:type: contains
xml-ejb-3-0.yaml:type: contains
xml-ejb-3-1.yaml:type: contains
xml-ejb-3-2.yaml:type: contains
xml-ejb-mdb-import.yaml:type: contains
xml-ejb-mdb.yaml:type: contains
xml-ejb-remote.yaml:type: contains
xml-ejb-resource-mgr-auth.yaml:type: contains
xml-facelets.yaml:type: contains
xml-jsf-1-0.yaml:type: contains
xml-jsf-1-1.yaml:type: contains
xml-jsf-1-2.yaml:type: contains
xml-jsf-2-0.yaml:type: contains
xml-jsf-2-1.yaml:type: contains
xml-jsf-2-2.yaml:type: contains
xml-jsf-2-3.yaml:type: contains
xml-localJNDI.yaml:type: contains
xml-messageDrivenBeans.yaml:type: contains
xml-myfaces.yaml:type: contains
xml-portlet-1-0.yaml:type: contains
xml-servlet-2-3.yaml:type: contains
xml-servlet-2-4.yaml:type: contains
xml-servlet-2-5.yaml:type: contains
xml-servlet-3-0.yaml:type: contains
xml-servlet-3-1.yaml:type: contains
xml-session-scoped-beans.yaml:type: contains
xml-statefulEJB.yaml:type: contains
xml-struts-1-1.yaml:type: contains
xml-struts-2-2.yaml:type: contains
xml-struts-2-3.yaml:type: contains
xml-struts-2-4.yaml:type: contains
xml-struts-2-5.yaml:type: contains
xml-struts-tiles.yaml:type: contains
xml-tomahawk.yaml:type: contains
xml-transportSecurity.yaml:type: contains
xml-trinidad.yaml:type: contains
xml-weblogic-1-2.yaml:type: contains
xml-weblogic-1-3.yaml:type: contains
xml-weblogic-1-4.yaml:type: contains
xml-weblogic-1-5.yaml:type: contains
xml-weblogic-1-6.yaml:type: contains
xml-weblogic-1-7.yaml:type: contains
xml-weblogic-1-8.yaml:type: contains
xml-weblogic-1-9.yaml:type: contains
xml-xa-datasource.yaml:type: contains
